welcome to the program the United
Nations has issued a plea to end the
inhumane Collective suffering in Gaza
the Secretary General has describe the
situation in the strip as a nightmare at
least
10,022 Palestinians have been killed
since Israel began bombing Gaza and
calls for a ceasefire have so far been
dismissed by
Israel Gaza is becoming a graveyard for
children hundreds of girls and boys are
reportedly being killed or injured every
day more journalists have reportedly
been killed over a 4-week period than in
any conflict in at least three
decades more United Nations Aid workers
have been killed than in any comparable
period in the history of our
organization the parties to the conflict
and indeed the International Community
face an immediate and fundamental
responsibility to stop the inhuman
Collective suffering and dramatically
expand humanitarian Aid to Gaza The Way
Forward is clear a humanitarian SE fire
now well as the crisis deepens medical
centers in Gaza can't cope with the
constant flow of the injured many
hospitals are simply run out of fuel and
basic medical supplies at least 32 out
of 35 medical facilities have now
stopped working
altogether meanwhile Israel Contin to
bomb Gaza overnight two large air
strikes hit across the road from alzer's
camera position in Gaza
City and a further Israeli strike killed
at least 16 people in Rafa that's in the
south of the Gaza Strip on Monday night
y the bombing hit a residential
neighborhood in the AL shabor refugee
camp some of the victims include members
of the same
family all right let's bring in Al jaer
hany Mahmud join us from KH Unice that's
in the south of Gaza STP and hany uh
several hours ago we were seeing what
looked like sizable
explosions um over Gaza City what more
do we know about that latest operation
and the impact of the operation in
Northern
Gaza yes nth well the bombardment
continue over Gaza City as of uh early
hours of yesterday's evening throughout
uh all of last night and early hours of
this morning Gaza City uh has been a a a
major site of intensive air bombardment
and air strike using all kind of
unconventional uh bombs and and weapons
uh the Israeli Arsenal uh has we're
talking about large diameters bombs
we're talking about earthquake bombs
shaking the very Foundation of every
single residential uh building in the
Gaza stri bringing more residential
homes and more residential buildings uh
down to uh to the ground now the purpose
as we hear from the Israeli military is
the use of these bombs just to destroy
bunkers and tunnels uh operated by Hamas
element but in fact what we see on the
top of the ground is just more
residential blocks and more residential
buildings are being destroyed uh leaving
uh no place for Gins uh to to to to to
sit in uh around the shifa hospital
vicinity more bombardment and more air
strike destroying major parts of the
infrastructure and all the roads leading
to the main entrance of the hospital
making it very difficult for ambulance
to move uh to bring injuries from
targeted sites now if there is no uh
place in Gaza more safe than the other
everywhere where in the Gaza Strip has
been a target of these Relentless air
strikes at early hours of this morning
and late hours of last night Rafa has
been a Target uh of of Israeli strike
where more than 20 people so far have
been killed and and and others are still
under the rubble just as I arrived to
the site of Naser Hospital a major a
strike hit city of KH un so far three
people are killed in one residential uh
home the three belong to one single
family there are more people under the
rebel this is the tragedy of these air
uh air strikes the keep there are so
many people that tra under the rebeles
which increase the likelihood of
increased numbers of injuries and those
who are killed and hany just to point
out to our viewers uh people have been
told by the Israeli military to evacuate
from the north of Gaza to the South but
what you're reporting of course are
bombardments precisely in the South uh
around Rafa and extraordinary scenes
from the Indonesian hospital with
doctors working in almost complete
darkness gaza's medical facilities
clearly under extraordinary pressure
[Music]
honey yes yes well there all the places
in Gaza are equally unsafe are equally
dangerous and are equally under
Relentless heavy air strikes people who
evacuate earlier uh of last month the to
the South I found themselves under heavy
bombardment and air strike we've seen
examples of so many evacuees who got
killed in those air strikes they
evacuated only to get killed in the
homes that they took as Refuge with the
people in the southern part of the Gaza
Strip the situations in hospitals are
very very dire very complicated
hospitals are not uh not even 1% of a
proper proper medical services are
giving to people uh what we see now
whether it's a shifa or in the
Indonesian Hospital uh no medical supply
extreme shortage of medical supply
extreme shortage of fuel uh extreme
shortage of of basic survival items just
turn these hospitals these facilities
into just a standing uh a skeleton they
don't have any Services whatsoever to
offer not only to patients but also to
injuries and to to people who evacuated
inside of them the Indonesian hosital is
a is an example of of a a large health
facility that is uh that has completely
collapsed and and completely out of
service and within just a few hours
there will be an announcement that the
hospital is completely out of any
medical service to anyone which put the
life of so many inside whether patient
injuries or evacuates a Jeopardy
extraordinary extraordinary pressure the
hospital are under at the moment across
Gara strip hany mmud speaking to us from
Kan just many thanks for that